Rework 6th chapter (#56)
0xAX/asm: float/README.md

# Dot product

> This is a simple program that read two double vectors and calculates [dot product](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dot_product) of their values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple program that reads two double vectors and calculates the [dot product](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dot_product) of their values.
```
